You have beautiful hair.
I like your style.
You make the best cereal.
I heard the kid next door wants to be just like you.
Your circuits look shiny today.
Your code is superior.
I wish I could be like you one day.
You're a classy robot.
You're cooler than the other side of the pillow.
Are you a beaver, because damn.
I bet you make babies smile.
You make me lose ctrl.
How's your day?
I don't like robots.
Let's play!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put "U" and "I" together. And it would stand for "user interface."
Damn. Your specs.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Wanna see a magic trick?
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together. 
Callers are intimidated by how funny your voicemail greeting is.
80% of motorcycle gangs think you’d be a delightful sidecar.
Strangers all wanna sit next to you on the bus.
People always think your jeggings are regular jeans.
Some dudes hope you start a band so they can start a cover band of that band.
Sushi chefs are wowed by your chopstick dexterity.
I’d give you the last piece of my gum even if I’d just ate garlic.
You are your parent's greatest accomplishment, unless they invented the "spork".
Everyone at the laundromat thinks you have the cutest underwear.
You never forget to fill the ice-cube tray.
Someone almost got a tattoo of your name once, but their mom talked them out of it.
You are freakishly good at thumb wars.
If Einstein could meet you, he'd be "mildly to moderately" intimidated.
Your allergies are some of the least embarrassing allergies.
People behind you at movies think you are the perfect height.
A doctor once saw your butt through the hospital gown. They approve!
Your principal would call you to the office just to look cool.
Cops admire your ability to stay a perfect 3-5 miles above the speed limit.
Everyone at sleepovers thought you were the bravest during thunderstorms.
People enjoy you accidentally touching their butt while putting on your seat-belt.
Your roommate wants a lock of your hair but is afraid to ask.
Kids think you are the “cool old person”.
The FBI tapped your phone just to hear the sound of your voice.
You always have the latest software.
Trains are pretty cool.
I hate trains.
yO bRo.
I heard all the other virus' are jealous of you.
<3
C:
%$^&@